LEVEL 1
======= 

Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on her space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert her plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Why did you sign up for infiltration duty again? The pamphlets from Bunny HQ promised exotic and interesting missions, yet here you are drudging in the lowest level of Commander Lambda's organization. Hopefully you get that promotion soon...

LEVEL 2
======= 

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

At least all this time spent running errands all over Commander Lambda's space station have given you a really good understanding of the station's layout. You'll need that when you're finally ready to destroy the LAMBCHOP and rescue the bunny prisoners.

You got the guards to teach you a game today. It's kind of pointless, but they seem to like it and it helps you pass the time while you work your way up to Commander Lambda's inner circle.

LEVEL 3
======= 

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that she's made you her personal assistant. You'll be helping her directly with her work, which means you'll have access to all of her files-including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

Commander Lambda has six suits, three dress uniforms, four casual outfits, and one Dress-Uniform-For-Important-Speeches-Only. You know this because you've already had to take all of them to the dry cleaner's. Twice!

Who the heck puts clover and coffee creamer in their tea? Commander Lambda, apparently. When you signed up to infiltrate her organization, you didn't think you'd get such an up-close and personal look at her more...unusual tastes.

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...

LEVEL 4
======= 

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of her space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the imprisoned bunnies and escape before the entire thing explodes?

Six thousand, seven hundred and forty-one, six thousand, seven hundred and forty-two, six thousand, seven hundred and forty-three... Good grief! Just how many bunnies has Commander Lambda captured?!